support loss function for Self-play Preference Optimization (#1612)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/dpo_trainer.mdx

The [BCO](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.04656) authors train a binary classifier whose logit serves as a reward so that the classifier maps {prompt, chosen completion} pairs to 1 and {prompt, rejected completion} pairs to 0. The `DPOTrainer` can be switched to this loss via the `loss_type="bco_pair"` argument.

> The [SPPO](https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.00675) authors claim that SPPO is capable of solving the Nash equilibrium iteratively by pushing a to be as large as 1/2 and b to be as small as -1/2 and can alleviate data sparsity issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [SPPO](https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.00675) authors claim that SPPO is capable of solving the Nash equilibrium iteratively by pushing the chosen rewards to be as large as 1/2 and the rejected rewards to be as small as -1/2 and can alleviate data sparsity issues.
```
